---
layout: post
title: "cleanup"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}
{% include research/tulips_da3_meta %}

**Note new working path: `data_association_3`**

Started realizing that there are a huge number of dead/obsolete files in the `data_association_2` directory.  It's time to migrate to a clean code-base, `data_association_3`.

Reorganization
==============

Setups
-------------
Realized that `tmp_setup_workspace.m` is very valuable, but will probably need to change and evolve over time.  Created new directory called `setups/`, where setup scripts will be stored, organized by date.  Related files that the setup scrip needs will be stored in the same directory, with a similar name to the script itself.

`tmp_setup_workspace.m` is now in `setups/setup_workspace_2013_08_21.m`.  

Format is: `setup_<type>_<date>.m`.  Currently only type is "workspace".
Related "load" files have format: `setup_<type>_<date>.mat`   or if multiple files, `setup_<type>_<date>.<N>.mat`, where N is an increasing integer starting at 1.

Mex files
----------

Propose creating a new file `compile_mex_scripts.m`.  If called with no arguments, it will compile all scripts that are uncompiled.  Optional "force_recompile" parameter.

Misc Notes/Issues
=================

split_correspondence
------------------------

`split_correspondence.m` is no longer available.  It became obsolete some time ago, around when we moved from `clean_correspondence.m` to `corr_to_likelihood.m`.

When we return to end-to-end sampling, we'll need something like it.  Alternatively,  maybe full-rebuilding of the split curves is fast enough, now that we've mexed the bottlenecks?


Conclusion
=============

Not totally done, but we can at least run the workspace setup file.

Will save the current workspace, re-open matlab, and see what issues arise as we continue to work toward the short-term goal of implementing branching-curve marginal likelihood.  

Workspace saved to `tmp/workspace_2013_08_21.mat`.
